I'm going to show everybody how to
install mods for minecraft 1.3 point2
well a lot of the mods are installed
like uh aren't updated so you need new
things and the program that I use is
called a minecraft Version changer and
i'll put the link to it but to actually
install the mod you want to press your
start button and type it and run when it
pops up you got tight percent appdata
percent which will be in the description
to put like a little word tutorial you
press ok and then you open it and it
should say dot minecraft and you click
on and open it then you see all this
where it shows your texture packs and
your saves and resources and your bin
and you click on your bin and you should
see all these java files and you got to
click on the one named minecraft but you
want to right click on it and use 7-zip
or WinRAR like you're using winrar you
do open with winrar but if using 7zip
which i'll put in the description you do
right click on it scroll or 7-zip and do
open with archive and then you delete
the meta-inf folder first and wants to
delete that you're ready to install mods
for most months you want to install
modloader so i'll put the link to my
loader in the description and once you
download modloader just move it to your
desktop or keeping your downloads
whatever it'll be in a zip file like
this and then you want to right click
scroll over 7 zip again and do the same
thing that you did with mantra and then
you open the archive and you'd have a
similar screen and all the files in this
all these little things you want to
highlight and drag them to your
minecraft.jar and your PIN once you have
modloader you can install some mods but
other you can stall a lot of mods but uh
some mods require like minecraft forge
or audio mod or something but things
like the better than wolves mod or tell
the kingdoms or too many items you all
you need is modloader so for better than
wolves is what I put in the description
as an example you can download if you
want but I want to install better than
Wolf's since it's an older one they
haven't updated and you showed you the
zip file like modloader and you just
move it to your desktop do the same
thing 7-zip open with archive but if
you're using winrar it will show all the
files but if you're using 7zip it kind
of group them together like this you
want to click on the minecraft.jar which
is this one right under the Forge and
you want to copy all of these into you
know your minecraft.jar again so after
you copy all those you go back and you
click on pores so you don't need
minecraft forge click on it now i'm
gonna show you know be four Chuck's and
say mantra and you drag all those to
this file and after night you know
you're done with better than the list
yet both modern style but then if you
try starting it up with the old one
point two point five better than the
wolf's it's going to lead you to a black
screen so you want to exit out and
use the Minecraft version changer right
here that I put in the loom and open it
up just double click on do anything else
and then a minecraft Version changer
will pop up and you can actually play
whatever version you want you can play
any of the alphas the beto's you play
any the pre releases or the snapshots or
any old updates whatever you want so you
need minecraft 1 point 2 point 5 for the
better in the wolves so you want to
change and it will patch your Minecraft
I think you have to have your Minecraft
open and you hit change for it to patch
it and it's taking a little while for me
because I'm kind of recording but it
will say Minecraft version was
successfully patched one point two point
five and just leave that out and then uh
you know log in to your Minecraft and
you know you won't get the black screen
and it says a Minecraft one point two
point five right here and this is this
is a good thing like if they update and
you know bucket hasn't updated yet and
you want to join some of the servers but
it says it's outdated you could use this
to or if you want to play any of the
snapshot so you just want to go back to
the old betas whatever yeah well that's
how you install mods and get the old
ones and before their updated but when
they're updated i'm going to do is just
you know bring it back to your current
update or just update it and do at one
point three point two but uh yeah that's
how you install mods and the elder ones